# Introduction
This document contains information on the interfaces implemented by the components of this framework. 

## Constants

## Parser
### TargetParser
## Executor
### Input
### Output
An `Executor` instance should always return a dict that contains at least the following members:
* `output`: output generated by the tool; example: `stdout`
* `errors`: errors during execution of the tool; example: `stderr`
A dict containing these keys can be passed to `Reporter` instances. These will then take care that:
    * tool output is logged to regular log files
    * errors are logged into distinct error log files
## Reporter
### Report Types
`Reporter` instances must support the following report types:
* normal tool output
* error output

### Constructor
Any subclass of the `Reporter` class must call the `Reporter` constructer. This constructor accepts the following arguments and initializes the corresponding member variables accordingly: 
* `report_dir_placeholder`: String that contains the directory to which reports are written to. May contain placeholders that are automatically substituted by values such as the target's hostname, port, or service (see the [Constants](#constants) section). 
* `report_filename_placeholder`: Similar as `report_dir_placeholder` but for the filename instead of the directory.
* `error_dir_placeholder` (Defaults to `None`): Similar as `report_dir_placeholder`, but this directory is intended exclusively for failed executions (such as when `errors` is set in the result of an executor). If unset, a subdirectory called "errors" is created within the reporting directory. 

### Reporting Functions
The `_open_error_file()` and `_open_report_file()` functions should be used to make sure that the required log files are created according to the user's preferences.

A reporting function must ad least accept the following types of input:
* A simple string:
    * If only a string is passed to a reporter function, it must be logged as normal tool output
* A dict containing at least the keys `output` and `errors`:
    * The `Reporter` instance must create the following log files: 
        * If the `output` key is set, a normal tool output log must be created
        * If the `errors` key is set,  an error log must be created
    * While this is unlikely, values may be set for both keys.